Add permissions limit information (#83958)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/supported-accounts-validation.md

| Redirect URIs (`replyURLs`)                                       | See [Redirect URI/reply URL restrictions and limitations](reply-url.md) for more info.                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | API permissions: resource apps called (`requiredResourceAccess`)  | Maximum of 50 resources within the application's tenant (for example, custom APIs) and maximum of 10 resources external to the application's tenant (for example, Microsoft Graph)                                                                  | Maximum of 50 resources within the application's tenant (for example, custom APIs) and maximum of 10 resources external to the application's tenant (for example, Microsoft Graph)                                                             | Maximum of 50 resources within the application's tenant (for example, custom APIs) and maximum of 10 resources external to the application's tenant (for example, Microsoft Graph)                                 |

Reviewer: As written, this reads as "max 50 local resources,  max 10 remote resources", which suggests max 60 total resources. I think you meant it to be "max 10 remote resources, and max 50 total resources (including both remote and local)".

Minor wording suggestions (I don't feel strongly about either one):

 - "configured", instead of "called"
 - "APIs" instead of "resource apps"

```suggestion
| API permissions: APIs (`requiredResourceAccess`)  | Maximum of 50 APIs total, but no more than 10 APIs registered in a different tenant (for example, Microsoft Graph and Azure Key Vault). | Maximum of 50 APIs total, but no more than 10 APIs registered in a different tenant (for example, Microsoft Graph and Azure Key Vault). | Maximum of 50 APIs total, but no more than 10 APIs registered in a different tenant (for example, Microsoft Graph and Azure Key Vault). |
```

Given the limit on permissions for apps supporting MSA is 30 permissions total, it's impossible to hit the "50 APIs total" limit here. I'm not sure if we should account for that and say "30 APIs total" (i.e. one permission each for 30 APIs), or leave this limit which can never be reached...

Author: Nope, it really is 60 (as long as you aren't _at_ one of the limits when you try to add resources of the other type - so I guess it's actually 59!)

Thanks for the other feedback, I'll update.

> | API permissions: individual permissions (`requiredResourceAccess`)| Total of 400 permissions per application (resources x permissions)                                                                                                                                                                                  | Total of 400 permissions per application (resources x permissions)                                                                                                                                                                             | Total of 30 permissions per application (resources x permissions)                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: I suggest removing "(resources x permissions)" because some quibblers would argue that's imprecise given that one can configure a different number of permissions for each API. The same quibblers  might also argue "per application" is redundant (all limits listed here are per application unless otherwise stated).

```suggestion
| API permissions: individual permissions (`requiredResourceAccess`) | Maximum total of 400 permissions, across all APIs | Maximum total of 400 permissions, across all APIs                                                                                                                                                                             | Maximum total of 30 permissions, across all APIs                                                                                                              |
```
